trustee: Overhaul the documentation (#42)
confidential-containers/confidentialcontainers.org: content/en/docs/trustee/attestation-service/_index.md

│ Verification Demander │             │ ┌────────┐ ┌──────────┴───────┐
│    (Such as KBS)      │             │ │ Policy │ │ Reference Value  │◄───Reference Value
│                       │◄────────────┤ │ Engine │ │ Provider Service │
└───────────────────────┘ Attestation │ └────────┘ └──────────┬───────┘
                        Results Token │                       │
                                      │ ┌───────────────────┐ │
                                      │ │  Verifier Drivers │ │
                                      │ └───────────────────┘ │
                                      │                       │
                                      └───────────────────────┘
```

The Attestation Service (AS) has a simple API. It receives attestation evidence and returns an attestation token containing the results of a two-step verification process. The AS can be consumed directly as a Rust crate (library) or built as a standalone service, exposing a REST or gRPC API. In Confidential Containers, the client of the AS is the Key Broker Service (KBS), but the evidence originates from the Attestation Agent inside the guest.

The AS has a two-step verification process.

> 1. Verify the format and provenance of evidence itself (i.e. check the signature of the evidence).
> 2. Evaluate the claims presented by the evidence (i.e. check that measurements are what the client expects).

Reviewer: mixup `i.e.` vs `e.g.`?

i think it's unclear who/what "client" is in this context.

```suggestion
1. Verify the format and provenance of evidence itself (e.g. check the signature of the evidence).
2. Appraise the claims presented in the evidence (e.g. check that measurements match reference values).
```
